then job answered no doubt you are the
then job answered no doubt you are the people and wisdom will die with you but
people and wisdom will die with you but
people and wisdom will die with you but I have understanding as well as you I am
I have understanding as well as you I am
I have understanding as well as you I am not inferior to you indeed who who does
not inferior to you indeed who who does
not inferior to you indeed who who does not know such things as these I am one
not know such things as these I am one
not know such things as these I am one mocked by his friends who called on God
mocked by his friends who called on God
mocked by his friends who called on God and he answered him the just and
and he answered him the just and
and he answered him the just and blameless who is ridiculed a lamp is
blameless who is ridiculed a lamp is
blameless who is ridiculed a lamp is despised in the thought of one who is it
despised in the thought of one who is it
despised in the thought of one who is it 'yes it is made ready for those whose
'yes it is made ready for those whose
'yes it is made ready for those whose feet slip the chance of robbers prosper
feet slip the chance of robbers prosper
feet slip the chance of robbers prosper and those who provoke God are secure in
and those who provoke God are secure in
and those who provoke God are secure in what God provides by his hand but now
what God provides by his hand but now
what God provides by his hand but now ask the beasts and they will teach you
ask the beasts and they will teach you
ask the beasts and they will teach you and the birds of the air and they will
and the birds of the air and they will
and the birds of the air and they will tell you or speak to the thirst and it
tell you or speak to the thirst and it
tell you or speak to the thirst and it will teach you and the fish of the sea
will teach you and the fish of the sea
will teach you and the fish of the sea will explain to you who among all these
will explain to you who among all these
will explain to you who among all these does not know that the hand of the Lord
does not know that the hand of the Lord
does not know that the hand of the Lord has done this in whose hand is the life
has done this in whose hand is the life
has done this in whose hand is the life of every living thing in the breath of
of every living thing in the breath of
of every living thing in the breath of all mankind does not the ear test words
all mankind does not the ear test words
all mankind does not the ear test words and the mouth taste its food wisdom is
and the mouth taste its food wisdom is
and the mouth taste its food wisdom is with aged men and with length of days
with aged men and with length of days
with aged men and with length of days understanding with him her wisdom and
understanding with him her wisdom and
understanding with him her wisdom and strength he has counseled and
strength he has counseled and
strength he has counseled and understanding if he breaks the thing
understanding if he breaks the thing
understanding if he breaks the thing down
down
down it cannot be rebuilt if he imprisons a
it cannot be rebuilt if he imprisons a
it cannot be rebuilt if he imprisons a man there can be no release if he
man there can be no release if he
man there can be no release if he withholds the waters they dry up if he
withholds the waters they dry up if he
withholds the waters they dry up if he sends them out they overwhelmed the
sends them out they overwhelmed the
sends them out they overwhelmed the earth with him our strength and prudence
earth with him our strength and prudence
earth with him our strength and prudence the deceived and the deceiver are his
the deceived and the deceiver are his
the deceived and the deceiver are his elite counselors away plundered and
elite counselors away plundered and
elite counselors away plundered and makes fools of the judges roof he
makes fools of the judges roof he
makes fools of the judges roof he loosens the bonds of kings and binds
loosens the bonds of kings and binds
loosens the bonds of kings and binds their waist with a belt
their waist with a belt
their waist with a belt he leads princes away plundered and
he leads princes away plundered and
he leads princes away plundered and overthrows the mighty he deprives the
overthrows the mighty he deprives the
overthrows the mighty he deprives the trusted ones of speech and takes away
trusted ones of speech and takes away
trusted ones of speech and takes away the discernment of the elders pours
the discernment of the elders pours
the discernment of the elders pours contempt on Prince
contempt on Prince
contempt on Prince and disarms the mighty he uncovers deep
and disarms the mighty he uncovers deep
and disarms the mighty he uncovers deep things out of darkness and brings the
things out of darkness and brings the
things out of darkness and brings the shadow of death to light
shadow of death to light
shadow of death to light he makes nations great and destroys them
he makes nations great and destroys them
he makes nations great and destroys them he enlarges nations and guides them he
he enlarges nations and guides them he
he enlarges nations and guides them he takes away the understanding of the
takes away the understanding of the
takes away the understanding of the chiefs of the people of the earth and
chiefs of the people of the earth and
chiefs of the people of the earth and makes them wander in a pathless
makes them wander in a pathless
makes them wander in a pathless wilderness they grope in the dark
wilderness they grope in the dark
wilderness they grope in the dark without light and he makes them stagger
without light and he makes them stagger
without light and he makes them stagger like a drunken man